ggH250    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-250_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH300    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-300_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH350    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-350_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH400    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-400_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH450    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-450_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH500    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-500_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH550    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-550_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH600    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToLNuQQ_M-600_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
#
ggH250    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-250_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH300    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-300_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH350    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-350_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH400    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-400_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH450    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-450_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH500    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-500_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH550    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-550_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
ggH600    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_GluGluToHToWWToTauNuQQ_M-600_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
#
qqH250    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-250_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH300    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-300_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH350    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-350_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH400    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-400_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH450    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-450_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH500    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-500_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH550    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-550_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH600    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToLNuQQ_M-600_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
#
qqH250    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-250_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH300    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-300_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH350    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-350_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH400    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-450_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH450    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-400_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH500    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-500_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH550    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-550_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
qqH600    /cmshome/govoni/data/analysis/MiBiCommonNT_VBF_HToWWToTauNuQQ_M-600_7TeV-powheg-pythia6/VBFAnalysis_PFlow.root
